It's Asguiaro Ebern.
Getsuga...
tensho!
Why won't his Bankai disappear?!
Help us... Ichigo...
It's Hueco Mundo...
Hueco Mundo is--!
Quiet, please!
Will you live or will you die?!
We'll be having
a selection competition
for the Hollows and Arrancar!
You dare to speak poorly
of Master Halibel,
and yet don't know who we are?!
Are you guys really Qu--?
Yes, we are who you think we are.
We are Quincies.
The Soul Society and Hueco Mundo
are being invaded by someone.
And they are most likely... Quincies.
Allow me to explain...
The proper name for this form is...
Quincy Voll Stern Dich.
As Quincies extinguish more Hollows
in the World of the Living,
the number of souls is diminished,
disrupting that natural balance...
If we allow this to happen,
the balance of souls
will eventually be ruined,
causing the Soul Society to flow
into the World of the Living...
ending in the simultaneous
destruction of both worlds.
Everything that is happening now
stems from the fact that
you, Head Captain,
couldn't kill that man
1,000 years ago!
Sklave Rai.
If possible,
I didn't want to use this...
because my holy wings would be
tarnished by such wicked beings.
A Bankai...!
If I destroy the disk on your head...
you can't use that absolute
subordination of Reishi anymore,
can you?!
The Quincy Extermination Operation
was finally carried out
200 years ago.
The Soul Reapers and Quincies
have no other choice but to fight...
Conflict is such
an unpleasant affair.
What the hell...?
Flaming pillars... of Reishi?
Sorry...
but our orders are to kill you all.
Tremble in fear, Soul Reapers.
The Stern Ritters are going to...
purge all of you.
The blue skies above are hopelessly clear
At my wit's end, I feel a growing frustration
As if to laugh at us hopeless cowards
Countless eyes stare at us
This soul of mine breaks again and again
All I can do is hold it tight
Until the day it turns to ash
I've absorbed all of this sorrow
It has shaped me, painted me
But that's how we got here, right?
One step at a time, just like breathing
These countless scars on my palm
That no longer fade
Are my badge, my story
I faced the fear and shred it to pieces
And let it walk beside me once more
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
THE SEIREITEI
in 16 locations
within the Seireitei!
They're already within
the Soul Shield Membrane!
FRONT OF SQUAD 9 BARRACKS –
PASSAGEWAY
But how...?!
Spiritual Pressures
belonging to Soul Reapers
SQUAD 6 BARRACKS – ALLEYWAY
have disappeared
in several other locations!
We believe they were
killed in combat!
Squad 3's Lieutenant Kira's
Spiritual Pressure has vanished!
Three seated officers of
the same squad have also vanished!
25 squad members have perished
in West 601 District...!
KOKURYO GATE ENTRANCE
DEPARTMENT OF R&D – CONTROL ROOM
Over 1,000 dead
in just seven minutes
since the start of the invasion...?!
This is madness...
There's no way
we can beat these guys!
Stop...!
We won't let you through!
If you are scared,
feel free to run.
I can't make a good example
out of any of you.
You dare mock
the 13 Court Guard Squads?!
I told you to stop!
Haven't you noticed?
You're so overcome by fear that,
since the beginning,
you've subconsciously been
shifting the issue at hand from
life and death to dissuading me.
But the war has already begun.
FRONT OF SQUAD 3 BARRACKS –
PASSAGEWAY
I see... Understood.
That didn't seem like good news.
Did someone die?
Is there a need to answer that?
There is.
The Spiritual Pressures
that disappeared just now
came from Bazz-B's location.
If there are survivors,
then it means that he messed up.
STERN RITTER "U"
Finding faults between comrades?
That's not art.
I always get flashes of inspiration
whenever I look at Izuru.
Just holding a guitar near him
causes melodies
to flow out of me like tears.
If Izuru is gone,
my guitar and I will be devastated.
Sorry.
I know nothing about art.
But don't worry...
You and your guitar will never
get the chance to weep.
Because you're going to die here
in five minutes.
I guess you really don't know art.
With the death of
so many of my men,
no guitar wouldn't weep.
My guitar and I
are already weeping.
Don't assume you're
getting out of this alive...
Quincy!
NEAR SQUAD 6 BARRACKS –
ROUND TOWER
What kind of monster
is that thing?!
What in the world is going on?!
STERN RITTER "F"
None of our attacks are working...
B-But that's not all...
Why is everyone dying
screaming like that?!
Don't retreat, you guys!
The mission of
the 13 Court Guard Squads
isn't to protect our own lives!
It's to give our lives
to protect the Seireitei!
We must not retreat!
All right, well said!
L-Lieutenant Abarai!
Step aside and
leave the rest to me.
SQUAD 7'S GUARD AREA
STERN RITTER "E"
Even a young girl like you
is fighting for the rebel army?
They've made a doggy like you
a captain?
You guys must be
seriously understaffed.
The Soul Society, that is.
What's with this guy?!
The moment he blocks,
some sort of marking appears...
I'll try speeding up my attacks...
There's no need
to hold back, Renji.
These people
are trying to annihilate
the Soul Society without mercy.
They are our enemies.
Cut them down
with everything you've got.
DEPARTMENT OF R&D –
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI'S PRIVATE LAB
"TESTING"
"NEGATIVE"
So they're not sealing away
one's Bankai?
Captain...!
Don't move.
Captain!
Our swords won't penetrate them...!
Our swords won't penetrate?
That is not possible.
What are you doing?!
You shouldn't make
any careless movements either.
W-What the hell?!
Scatter, Senbonzakura.
Are you serious?!
Captain!
NEAR SQUAD 10 BARRACKS –
WAREHOUSE DISTRICT
Captain!
You can't use
that hand of yours anymore.
Many of my comrades were killed...
I have no intention
of holding back.
How is he... so tough?!
SQUAD 2 BARRACKS –
CASTLE GATE CORRIDOR
Suzumebachi can't pierce him?!
Do you intend to use your Bankai?!
Captain, according to
Lieutenant Sasakibe's report,
they supposedly have a means
of sealing away Bankai!
It's too dangerous!
I'm aware of that.
But these despicable people
are responsible for
Lieutenant Sasakibe's death
and caused bloodshed within
the Seireitei without warning.
Moreover, they are foes we cannot
defeat without using Bankai...
Which means that figuring out
a way to break that seal
will be the key to this battle.
Therefore, Renji...
If my Bankai is sealed away,
I want you
to finish them off with yours.
Captain...!
Bankai...
Senbonzakura Kageyoshi...
Kokujo Tengen Myo-oh!
Jakuho Raikoben!
Daiguren Hyorinmaru!
We were wrong...
This is not a seal!
My Bankai...
He stole it...!
You've gotta be kidding me!
She stole my Bankai?!
Your Bankai is mine now, Doggy.
I don't sense anything...
Say something...
Say... anything!
Hyorinmaru...!
Hyorinmaru!
Captain...
What are you doing, Matsumoto...?
Use Tenteikura!
Hurry!
Inform all the captains about this!
Tell them not to use their Bankai!
They don't seal Bankai...
they steal them!
"13 COURT GUARD SQUADS"
Tenteikura!
They can steal them...?!
What are those fools doing?!
It seems Squads 2, 6, and 7
have had theirs stolen as well...
Those idiots!
Why couldn't they wait until
my analysis was complete?!
I can't believe their stupidity!
I suppose... we should be grateful.
With enough information,
Captain Kurotsuchi can usually
come up with a solution
within a day.
SQUAD 8 BARRACKS – PERIPHERY
We had no idea when we'd find out
what your abilities were.
But you're not a foe
we can defeat without Bankai.
Which means, sooner or later,
someone had to become a sacrifice.
Grimmaniel...
Well, what do you know...
I tried putting on a brave face,
but I guess I'm more disturbed
than I thought...
This is a real problem, isn't it?
D-Damn it...
Bankai--
Stop!
We cannot afford to lose
your Bankai as well!
B-But Captain...!
Then how are we supposed to fight...
against these guys?!
Put me through to Ichigo Kurosaki!
Huh?
Yes, sir...
But we need
the Captain's permission--
The Captain is on the front lines!
I'll take full responsibility
for this.
Yes?
Ah! Hello, Mr. Akon.
It's been a while, hasn't it?
How are things going over there?
I'm--
I told you it's an emergency!
I need to talk to Ichigo Kurosaki!
Put me through to him!
Kurosaki?
- That's not possible.
- Why not?!
"INCOMING CALL"
Hunt Army.
Damn it!
It's still not working!
It seems the enemy
is trying to seal away
Kurosaki's Bankai or something.
But he's getting quite frustrated
because it's not working.
- What?!
- "It's not working"?!
I know that the Soul Society
has been dealing with invaders.
The fact that you contacted me
must mean things are quite serious.
So let me go back
to my first question.
"INCOMING CALL"
Why?
I'm using my Voll Stern Dich
and even absorbed that monster,
so how is he able to...
surpass me so easily?!
The guy I met the other day was
also trying to seal away my Bankai.
Why do you want to seal away
my Bankai so badly?
I'm not obligated
to give you an answer...
Could it be that...
you guys are afraid of Bankai?
Of course not!
The Wandenreich fears nothing--!
Thank you very much, Kurosaki.
You were able to disrupt
the enemy's defensive Reishi,
allowing me to deal a fatal blow.
Mr. Urahara...!
We have an emergency.
Please head to
the Soul Society immediately.
Ask Mr. Akon for the details
along the way.
Is this Ichigo Kurosaki?
Listen carefully
without giving in to despair.
Pass this message
to the Secret Remote Unit!
We have successfully
passed on the rescue request
to Ichigo Kurosaki!
Ichigo Kurosaki has already
escaped Hueco Mundo...
Everything's going to be okay now...
He'll do something about this...
I just know Mr. Ichigo
will save the Soul Society!
- Mr. Urahara!
- Ah, perfect timing!
That corpse there should be
carrying a palm-sized metal plate.
Please find it and bring it to me!
Mr. Urahara...
Where's Kurosaki?
I had Kurosaki
head to the Soul Society.
I'll explain later!
Right now,
I need to analyze the enemy!
They can steal Bankai?!
What are you talking about?
That's not possible--
I don't want to believe it myself!
But this is the information
we received
from the captains of
Squads 2, 6, 7, and 10,
who have already had
their Bankai stolen.
No way...
Kurosaki,
I've analyzed the data I gathered
from your earlier battle
with the enemy.
Mr. Urahara?!
There are three major abilities
of note that the Quincies possess.
The first is
the Quincy Voll Stern Dich.
The second is the ability
he referred to as "Blut."
By releasing Reishi
directly into their veins,
they can drastically increase their
offensive and defensive abilities.
It doesn't seem like they can use
both at the same time, though.
And the third
and most important one is...
Bankai Plundering.
The key thing here is that
your Bankai is the only one
they cannot steal.
At the moment,
the reason for that is--
What?!
The exit!
Mr. Urahara!
What's going on?!
I let my guard down, thinking he'd
be dead from those injuries...
But that's...
Ransotengai!
I won't let him get there...
The order given to me
by His Majesty was...
to keep Ichigo Kurosaki at bay...
even if it means my life!
What the hell is this?!
How unfortunate for you,
Ichigo Kurosaki!
You were so close to reaching
the Soul Society to defend it.
You no longer have the means
of escaping that prison.
You lose, Ichigo Kurosaki.
You will remain trapped
in that dark prison...
where you must helplessly wait
until the Soul Society falls.
Everything we had left behind
Our breaths blending as mist
without form or expression
We lie buried as we glare
into the distance
I can't hear anything
I can't seem to cut anything
It feels like I'm sinking
Falling, falling
Touching
Eyes struck wide open
Something no one has ever seen
The furthest reaches are now visible to us
It cannot be undone
and cannot be stopped
This ensuing struggle
Whisk it away beyond
the ends of the earth
Along with our breaths
Take everything
Whisk it away beyond
the ends of the earth
Along with our futures
Along with our world
Something no one has ever seen
The furthest reaches are now
visible to us
Don't you know God's demand?
As we tear each other down
"The vow rests
in the shade of the willow."
"Even as the lightning fades."